There are different cloud service models that can be utilized to cloudify the infrastructure. They are :-

1.	Infrastructure as a Service
2.	Platform as a Service
3.	Software as a Service

Infrastructure as a Service
Since the company has been in the business for the past 30 years, it will be a tough task to cloudify the entire data-warehouse all at once. But since there are 50,000 employees who are distributed across the world, it’s a good choice to switch to the cloud. Maybe the data required for developing data-critical softwares such as for Banking clients can be retained within the current facility and not moved to the cloud.

Also in order to save on cost, Alphacom can outsource some of the IT Infrastructure in place of buying new hardware and use the “pay as you use” model
With cost saving, comes another disadvantage that the utilization of the resources will depend on the availability of Internet.

Platform as a Service
  An organization that has been in the business for the past 30 years is sure to have its own R&D and Testing Labs. But in case Alphacom needs to develop one of their own, they can utilize services from the platform providers and save on the initial setup cost and future maintenance costs. As all these services will be available through the internet, the reliability of these can be questioned quite often. 

Software as a Service
Alphacom deals with multiple clients and their employees are all over the world, so after cloudifying the software solutions, the employees can have access to any software over the cloud that the company has authorized via the provider. Also Alphacom can save a lot on the licensing costs of each software for each of its employee.

So, by cloudifying the entire infrastructure, Alphacom can save on infrastructure and licenses cost and add on to their annual revenues. The prime concern post adopting the cloud, is that the entire business can come to a halt without internet availability, also if they use a public cloud for data-storage, then data-privacy may be an area of concern as well.


https://www.znetlive.com/blog/why-move-your-infrastructure-to-the-cloud/
